DOCS-6249 rename (#121)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/installation-prerequisites.adoc

endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

> Anypoint API Community Manager is composed of a Salesforce organization with Community Cloud and a managed package that is installed in this organization. The managed package contains the components and data objects that interact with your Anypoint Platform organization.

Reviewer: Consider rereading this to ensure that all these uses of "organization" are necessary and clear.

> The API Community Manager package is installed in an *independent* Salesforce organization from any other Salesforce organizations your company may already have, so that the API community data is isolated from your company operational data, such as ERP or CRM data.

Reviewer: Do not use bold for emphasis. Try to provide emphasis by context. If necessary, use _italic_:
```suggestion
The API Community Manager package is installed in a Salesforce organization that is _independent_ of any other Salesforce organizations that your company might already have, so that the API community data is isolated from your company operational data, such as ERP or CRM data.
```

> The Salesforce organization with Community Cloud is provisioned through and included in the MuleSoft API Community Manager license. You don't need to procure this Salesforce organization separately, and you cannot reuse existing Salesforce licenses for API Community Manager. Find more information about API Community Manager licenses in the xref:licensing-overview.adoc[Licensing Overview] section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Salesforce organization with Community Cloud is provisioned through and included in the Anypoint API Community Manager license. You don't need to procure this Salesforce organization separately, and you cannot reuse existing Salesforce licenses for API Community Manager. Find more information about API Community Manager licenses in the xref:licensing-overview.adoc[Licensing Overview] section.
```

> NOTE: Installing, updating or configuring API Community Manager must be done by a user account with the *System Administrator* profile in the API Community Manager Salesforce organization.

Reviewer: GLOBAL:
```suggestion
NOTE: Installing, updating, or configuring API Community Manager must be done by a user account with the *System Administrator* profile in the API Community Manager Salesforce organization.
```

> To install and configure the API Community Manager managed package, use the following preparation steps in this Salesforce organization.

Reviewer: I suggest naming the steps rather than using "the following," because each is a separate topic, at increasing distance from this intro.

Author: Yes, that is better. Fixed.

== Set Up and Register a Domain

// Is this the right site for an inline link: https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=sites_creating_subdomain.htm&type=5?

> . Log in into your API Community Manager https://login.salesforce.com/[Salesforce Organization, role=external, window=blank].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in to your API Community Manager https://login.salesforce.com/[Salesforce Organization, role=external, window=blank].
```
